Edit Notes: ADMX_MicrosoftDefenderAntivirus/SignatureUpdate_ASSignatu… (#10249)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/client-management/mdm/policy-csp-admx-microsoftdefenderantivirus.md

<!--Description-->
This policy setting allows you to define the number of days that must pass before spyware security intelligence is considered out of date. If security intelligence is determined to be out of date, this state may trigger several additional actions, including falling back to an alternative update source or displaying a warning icon in the user interface. By default, this value is set to 14 days.

> It is recommended not to set the value below 2 days to avoid machines to go out of date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We do not recommend setting the value below two days to avoid machines going out of date.
```
